Best Session Replay blog post (#13730)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/best-session-replay-tools.mdx

---
title: The best session replay tools for developers, compared
date: 2025-11-17
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
author:
    - natalia-amorim
featuredImage: >-
    https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/blog/hog_ql.png
featuredImageType: full
category: General
tags:
    - Comparisons
seo:
    {
        metaTitle: 'The best session replay tools for developers, compared',
        metaDescription: 'Compare the top session replay tools for developers. See how PostHog, LogRocket, FullStory, OpenReplay, and more stack up for debugging and insights.',
    }
---

import { CalloutBox } from 'components/Docs/CalloutBox'

> Picture this: you've spent days building a feature. Staging looks perfect. You hit deploy, grab a coffee, and feel good about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Picture this: you've spent days building a feature. It looks perfect on dev and checks are green. You hit deploy, grab a coffee, and feel good about it.
```

        'session_replay.targeting.features.filter_by_user_or_event',
        'session_replay.privacy.features.privacy_masking',
        'heatmaps',
        'heatmaps.features.rage_clicks',
        'session_replay.features.crash_reports',
    {
    label: 'Built-in A/B testing',
    description: 'Run experiments and A/B tests natively in the platform',
    values: [true, false, false, false, false, false, false],
},
{
    label: 'In-app surveys',
    description: 'Collect user feedback with native survey tools',
    values: [true, false, false, true, false, false, false],
},
{
    label: 'Export recordings to video',
    description: 'Export session recordings as video files',
    values: ['Beta', false, false, false, false, false, false],
},
        'session_replay.ai.features.ai_summaries',
    ]}
/>

## What's the best session replay tool for developers?

### 1. PostHog

PostHog is an all-in-one developer platform that goes beyond session replay by combining [product analytics](/product-analytics), [feature flags](/feature-flags), [experiments](/experiments), [error tracking](/error-tracking), and even [LLM analytics](/llm-analytics) in one place.

> Each recording connects automatically to the related user, events, feature flag variant, and any triggered errors, giving you complete context. You can watch what happened, inspect console logs and network calls, ship a fix behind a feature flag, then measure the impact without switching tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each recording gives you the complete context including the related user, events, feature flag variant, and any triggered errors. You can watch what happened, inspect console logs and network calls, identify the issue, ship a fix behind a feature flag, and measure the impact without switching tools.
```

> PostHog uses simple usage-based pricing with optional caps. The free tier includes 5,000 sessions per month, which is enough for most early teams.

Reviewer: Is this more than any other tool?
```suggestion
PostHog uses simple usage-based pricing with optional caps. The free tier includes 5,000 web sessions and 2,500 mobile sessions per month, which is enough for most early teams.
```

**Strengths:**

-   Recordings with full user and event context  
-   Console, network, rage click, and performance tracking  
-   Usage-based pricing with optional billing caps  
-   Mobile support (iOS, Android, React Native, Flutter)  
-   Unified suite: analytics, feature flags, surveys, experiments, error tracking, LLM analytics, and more  

<CalloutBox icon="IconStarFilled" title="PostHog is best for" type="fyi">

Developers who want full context behind user behavior, and teams building AI products that want session replay and [LLM observability](/llm-analytics) in the same workflow.

</CalloutBox>

---

### 2. LogRocket

> LogRocket calls itself "DevTools for production," and that’s actually a pretty accurate way to describe it. When something breaks, LogRocket shows the exact sequence of user actions along with DOM snapshots, console output, JS errors, network calls, and even Redux or Vuex state mutations.

Reviewer: Do they? Seems like they lean quite heavy on AI + frontend.

<img width="1420" height="438" alt="CleanShot 2025-11-19 at 15 36 35@2x" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/de1a51cd-03bd-42ce-b587-ee41058d5611" />

LogRocket supports both web and mobile apps, though the mobile replay experience isn't as deep as the web version.

**Strengths:**

-   DevTools-style debugging  
-   Strong framework coverage (React, Vue, Next.js)  
-   Solid integrations (Sentry, Datadog, Jira)  
-   Web and mobile support  

<CalloutBox icon="IconStarFilled" title="LogRocket is best for" type="fyi">

Frontend engineers who need deep debugging capabilities and DevTools-like visibility into production issues.

</CalloutBox>

---

### 3. FullStory

FullStory is a heavyweight in the session replay space and is widely used by enterprise and product teams.

Its real strength is behavioral analytics: funnels, heatmaps, and journey mapping. Recordings are smooth and polished, though console and network data isn't as deep as developer-focused tools.

It includes powerful search and segmentation features, letting teams filter by events, errors, form interactions, device types, and more. For large teams, the collaboration tools stand out too: shared notes, saved segments, and easy links for PMs and designers.

**Strengths:**

> -   High-quality playback  

Reviewer: Is there a tool that has low quality playback?

Small teams and non-technical users who need basic replay and behavior insights without a budget.

</CalloutBox>

---

### 7. Replay.io

Replay.io is different. Instead of just recording the DOM, it records browser execution. That means you can step backward and forward through code, inspect variables, and see exactly how state changed over time – like "time-travel debugging" built for the web.

It integrates with Playwright and Cypress, making it useful for debugging automated tests too.

The downside is that it’s overkill for simple UX analysis. Recordings are heavier, setup is more involved, and it appeals primarily to engineering teams working on complex frontend apps.

**Strengths:**

-   Deep debugging with code-level replay  
-   Variable and state inspection  
-   Great for flaky test debugging  

<CalloutBox icon="IconStarFilled" title="Replay.io is best for" type="fyi">

Frontend engineers debugging complex async or stateful issues that traditional replay tools can't capture.

</CalloutBox>

---

## Which session replay tool should you choose?

-   Want one platform for replay, analytics, feature flags, error tracking, and experiments? **[PostHog](/session-replay)**  

> -   Need DevTools-style debugging with console and network visibility? **LogRocket**  

Reviewer: confusing "devtools-style" debugging again
